Dear SAAST staff,
	I am writing to apply for the position of RTA for the 2015 session of SAAST. I am interested in RTAing courses in both Computer Science and Computer Graphics. As a freshman in Digital Media Design, I would love to share my passion and enthusiasm for programming to other students who are interested exploring and learning more. The cross between programming and art is a force that is changing the world. I believe that the growing field of computer graphics is an artistic and cultural force that’s shaping the future of entertainment, tech, business, and more. 
Personally, the only experience that I had with computer science before coming to Penn Engineering was a very shallow high school course that breezed upon the AP Computer Science curriculum. Of course, ultimately, it helped me to get a feel for the world of computers, but I really wish that I had the chance to delve deeper into computer science before coming to college. From hackathons to code challenges, there is always an opportunity to use my coding abilities, and a program like SAAST would have given me the skills to engage in these events earlier and in more depth. Thus, I would like to become an RTA to give talented high school students the chance to explore and learn about skills that are essential to making a difference in our society.
	From an academic perspective, my course load at Penn will have me adequately prepared to be an RTA for computer graphics or computer science. After the Spring 2015 semester, I will have completed CIS 120, CIS 121, and FNAR 264. As an educator and mentor, I would feel comfortable with teaching high school students the material that I have learned in each class. After spending several weeks in Ghana teaching local school-children, I realize the importance of clear and concise communication with students, both in a classroom setting as well as in a one-on-one mentoring environment.

	Knowing you is the greatest thing that happened in my entire existence. I never realized how happy and complete I am with you by my side, you don't even need to do anything. The thought of you staying by my side reassures me and gives a whole new meaning to my life. Every sound of your voice is like music to my ears, a serene lullaby that lulls me to sweet daydreams. When I gaze into your soulful eyes, I could see a brighter tomorrow. The soft whispers of your enchanting voice lift my empty spirits and calm my weary thoughts. Your beaming smile chases all my worries and uncertainties away. Your warm embrace puts me in a trance of sweet lullabies and melody. The moment that I hold your hand, I know right away that you are the one that I want to spend the rest of my life with.

No words could ever express the glee that I'm experiencing right now. I couldn't even start to fathom how blessed I am to have you in this life. In any other lifetime, I'd still choose to fall in love with you. I thank God for bringing you to my life. You gave a new meaning to my existence and I could not imagine a life without you in it. You and I were made to be together, forever. Loving you was the most special thing that ever happened to me. You have a very special place in my heart and no one could ever replace that, be it in this lifetime, or any other lifetime. When I'm with you, everything feels so right and I feel really blessed. I cherish every single day that we spend together.

I will never leave you and I will always be your knight in shining armor. I’m willing to go against anyone who wishes you harm. I will protect you from any danger that threatens your happiness. This will be my vow from now until eternity. I will never leave your side. I'll always be here my sweet love.

I am deeply in love with you and if given another chance, I'd still choose to fall in love with you. I never thought that I could meet someone so amazing. I never thought that I could be this happy. I'll never let you go. Low me to spend an eternity with you. I have never been this sure in my entire life. I have never felt this way with anybody else. And I want to celebrate this deep love with you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I love you and I'm willing to risk everything that life has to offer just to spend forevermore with you. You are the sunshine that lifts my dark days. You are the sweet voice that makes me want to wake up every single morning of my life. I'll never need anything or anyone else for as long as I have you in my life.


	I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit I feel like shit 